DOC-462 Azure Kafka Connectors (#85)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/cluster-types/byoc/create-byoc-cluster-azure.adoc

+
As part of agent deployment, Redpanda assigns the permissions required to run the agent. For details about these permissions, see xref:security:authorization/cloud-iam-policies-azure.adoc[Azure IAM policies].

== Enable Kafka Connect

To enable xref:develop:managed-connectors/index.adoc[Kafka Connect] on your BYOC cluster:

. Authenticate to the Redpanda Cloud API by going to xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#auth[**Authentication**] in the sidebar, and clicking **Get Token**.

> . Update your cluster to enable `kafka_connect` by making a xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#patch-/v1beta2/clusters/-cluster.id-[`PATCH /v1beta2/clusters`] request:
> 
> .. In `PATH PARAMETERS`, enter your cluster ID. You can find the cluster ID in the Redpanda Cloud UI on the **Clusters - Overview** page. 
> .. In the body of the Update Cluster request, add:
> +
> ```
>   {
>      "kafka_connect": {
>           "enabled": true
>       }
>    }   
> ```
> 
> . In your Azure subscription, disable the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/policy-reference[Key Vault secrets should have an expiration date] policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable Kafka Connect by making a xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#patch-/v1beta2/clusters/-cluster.id-[`PATCH /v1beta2/clusters`] request:
+
[,bash]
----
curl -X PATCH "https://api.redpanda.com/v1beta2/clusters/<cluster-id>" \
 -H 'accept: application/json' \
 -H 'authorization: Bearer <token>' \
 -H 'content-type: application/json' \
 -d '{"kafka_connect": {"enabled": true}}'
----
+
Replace the following placeholders:
+
- `<cluster-id>`: Your cluster ID. You can find the cluster ID in the Redpanda Cloud UI under the Cluster Overview page in the Details section.
- `<token>`: The API token you received during authentication. This API token is in the header of the example request in the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#patch-/v1beta2/clusters/-cluster.id-[API reference].

. In your Azure subscription, disable the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/policy-reference[Key Vault secrets should have an expiration date^] policy.
```

Author: thanks, @JakeSCahill!

== Enable Kafka Connect

To enable xref:develop:managed-connectors/index.adoc[Kafka Connect] on your BYOC cluster:

. Authenticate to the Redpanda Cloud API by going to xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#auth[**Authentication**] in the sidebar, and clicking **Get Token**.

. Enable Kafka Connect by making a xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#patch-/v1beta2/clusters/-cluster.id-[`PATCH /v1beta2/clusters`] request:
+
[,bash]
----
curl -X PATCH "https://api.redpanda.com/v1beta2/clusters/<cluster-id>" \
 -H 'accept: application/json' \
 -H 'authorization: Bearer <token>' \
 -H 'content-type: application/json' \
 -d '{"kafka_connect": {"enabled": true}}'
----
+
Replace the following placeholders:
+
- `<cluster-id>`: Your cluster ID. You can find the cluster ID in the Redpanda Cloud UI under the Cluster Overview page in the Details section.
- `<token>`: The API token you received during authentication. This API token is in the header of the example request in the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#patch-/v1beta2/clusters/-cluster.id-[API reference].

> . In your Azure subscription, disable the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/policy-reference[Key Vault secrets should have an expiration date^] policy.

Reviewer 2: @chapmanc, is this still needed?

Reviewer 3: I don't believe it is needed once we release tomorrow. We weren't sure how long it would take to be released. I think we can drop this.

Author: @chapmanc can you please confirm that it's just the last step we can remove (about disabling the policy in Azure)?
